# Makeup Market

This project is a mock makeup company, made with React and bundled with Vite, styled with TailwindCSS, Icons8 icons, and google fonts, and excitement.

With this project I got the chance to practice:

- styling with TailwindCSS

- problem solving to fix an error with Tailwind.

- customizing Tailwind Config file.

- creating a logo with CSS.

- learning on the spot (implementing a functional search bar!)

- responsive web design

- Problem solving using google and thinking of keywords to enter to google for a desired result

- Working on a different branch from main to preserve a previous version while I work on a new feature.


I learned:

- To get the footer to stay at the bottom (wrapper min-height: 100vh and margin-top: auto on footer)

- To truncate numbers so that they only have two digits at the end. You use .toFixed(2) on it.

- To extract numbers from a string using "+" ex. (+"10") === 10

- That one must commit more often.. just in case

- Googling and using dev tools very often will result in more bugs squashed quicker #AvidGoogler

- There will be many features you want to add.. remember the MVP! Spend your time wisely.

Credits:

- Images from unsplash.com

- Hero box shadow generated by cssgenerator.org

- Icons from icons8.com

- loading gif from loading.io

- stylized scrollbar made with codepen.io/stephenpaton-tech/full/JjRvGmY

Notes:

- For some reason i needed to add `mode: jit' to my tailwind config to make my arbitrary value for a media query work. Not too sure what it does but I'm thankful that it worked 🤷‍♀️
